[Music]
hey guys this is wrong from YouTube's
rock and metal news with a CD review of
the new Five Finger Death Punch American
capitalist well what features on this
album is three and a half minute songs
in your face
heavy guitar great lyrics and Five
Finger Death Punch all the way if you
like their previous two albums you will
definitely like this album it is they
did not experiment on this album at all
it is Five Finger Death Punch the you
know if you the more you had listened to
it the more the songs become catchy er
if everyone's heard probably under and
over it the single you'll have a lot
more of songs on the album like under
and over it the pride is one of my
favorites it's a good excellent track
Menace is another good one on the album
there is one ballad called if I fall
it's it's a very slow song the chorus
especially so that's that was as far as
I'm concerned sort of one of the weaker
tracks on the album now during this they
have the three-and-a-half minute songs
and they're pretty structured as a Five
Finger Death Punch song all the way
through it
they have great guitar work great double
kick drumming in it now so you know
you'll definitely like this album if
you're Five Finger Death Punch fan what
they could do possibly is you know if
they want to kind of take it to the next
level as maybe diversify a bit
most of the choruses kind of go into a
double kick chorus but you know that's
the Five Finger Death Punch way and
that's what you got on this album so I
would recommend buying this album for
all the Five Finger Death Punch fans
will like it if you're a new fan buy it
check it out and it's a good one to sort
of get into the band on and let us know
what you think we will give Five Finger
Death Punch American capitalists an
eight out of ten thanks for tuning in